WashCentral watches for inactivity.
p02
Leave a session untouched and it does not drop you cold.
p03
It warns you first, right over whatever page you left open.
p04
Today that's the Command Center.
p05
Watch the lower corner.
p06
A small toast slides in: Session expiring soon, auto log-out in two minutes,
p07
with a Stay Active button.
p08
It's the compact version of the warning, easy to miss if you're looking away.
p09
At the same moment, a dialog opens dead center.
p10
Still there? it asks.
p11
Two minutes remaining, counting down.
p12
The line underneath tells you exactly how to stay: move your mouse or press any key.
p13
Two buttons sit on the dialog.
p14
Stay Logged In keeps you signed in and returns you to your work.
p15
Log Out Now ends the session right away.
p16
That one is a real logout, so leave it alone unless you mean to sign out.
p17
So what if you ignore it?
p18
At zero, the session closes and returns you to the sign-in page.
p19
How long it may sit idle before the warning starts is set per user level,
p20
and the exact figure for the demo login is still being pinned down.
p21
Staying in is easy.
p22
Move the mouse, tap a key, or click Stay Logged In.
p23
The countdown stops, the dialog clears, and you pick up exactly where you were.
p24
Stay Active on the toast does the same job.
p25
Now, where does that timer come from?
p26
Open Settings from the left rail and choose User Levels.
p27
The breadcrumb reads Settings, then User Levels.
p28
This page sets the idle limit for every level of user.
p29
Across the top, three summary tiles.
p30
Total Levels, Max Security Level, and Longest Timeout in minutes.
p31
Today they read fourteen, twenty, and a hundred and twenty.
p32
Fourteen levels, and the longest idle window runs two full hours.
p33
The table has three columns.
p34
Name, Security Level, and Session Timeout in minutes.
p35
That last column is the one to know:
p36
it's how many idle minutes a level gets before the Still there? countdown begins.
p37
The numbers run from five minutes up to a hundred and twenty.
p38
Cashiers and the lower levels sit at five;
p39
administrators and service roles at a hundred and twenty.
p40
So a cashier logged out after five idle minutes isn't hitting a bug.
p41
That's the setting doing its job.
p42
So when a manager says the system logs them out every few minutes, you know the move.
p43
Open User Levels, find their level under Name, and read its Session Timeout.
p44
A small number is the whole answer, and you never touch the row.